In JavaScript, there's a lot to be done to make this site secure.
I will now present only a couple of recommendations that are specific to JavaScript exclusively, but
follow the rest of the course to learn much more about securing the JavaScript code, especially what
the Cross-Site Scripting Chapter.
First, a little recap on third party components.
Please don't use libraries, plugins and third party scripts for everything.
People use them often to save some time without thinking too much.
Do as much as you can on your own, if only it's feasible.
The external scripts can be poorly coded, and most of them probably have some security holes, like
pretty much every program.
Even if they are actively maintained and get security patches, you will need to monitor that and actively
update the scripts on your site, which I know is often a utopia.
Your scripts may also contain security holes, but open source programs are used by many, and it's
much easier for attackers to monitor the security of a small number of popular scripts.
You'll be able to attack more sites.
But if you build your site from the ground on some framework, do use its methods whenever possible.
There's no point in not doing so because usually they are well written and tested.
Of course.
Monitor these frameworks or libraries development.
Keeping an eye on one framework is not such demanding as monitoring a number of third party scripts
unrelated to each other.
Anyway always use only reliable popular software pieces which are widely used and thoroughly tested
by thousands of users and ideally actively maintained and well documented.
Download the code from trusted sources only.
If he wants to.
Houghtaling the code from Sydney.
Do it only if you trust this Sydney.
Because if you include any scripts from the external server, when that server gets hacked, your site
would likely run unauthorized code.
You can protect your site by using SAP resource integrity as described earlier, but it's far easier
to just run scripts hosted on your own server.
Don't use evil function and don't use evil like behavior of other functions like set timeout or set
interval eval function allows you to run code written as a string.
This code will actually log the message.
Even though the instruction is in a string, it's surrounded by double quotes.
The security risk is, of course, when something unintended will get into the string path to evil function.
If the string will read something from the URL or from document object model, it poses a massive security
risk because the attacker will be able to run any code that they are able to put in a place from which
evaluates the data.
See this example?
If by exploiting some other vulnerability on your site, the attacker is able to modify the attribute.
Your site is lost.
You can do pretty much everything without having to use this evil, evil function in this code.
A simple eve or switch statement will make the code secure.
Another scenario when you might wants to use evolve is to transport data, JavaScript, arrays or objects.
But for this it's recommended to use JSON back of the object using data on string defined methods.
And unpack it using Jason Paris method.
Similar behavior to evolve can be observed with set timeout and set interval functions.
See this?
The script reads the username from Dom and because it says map, it will logical or math after 1/2.
Despite the console.log method, call is a string surrounded by double quotes.
When it comes to these methods, either use a callback function.
Or the code he wants to run in a closure, an anonymous function.
Finally, the JavaScript code is public.
No matter how hard you will try to conceal or obfuscate it, it can always be reverse engineered and
analyzed.
So don't rate any encryption or security algorithms in JavaScript.
Your algorithms will be public, which breaks the whole system.
Of course, magnify your JavaScript for performance and may be to keep away script kiddies.
But be aware it's not any real protection.
You can try to keep some of your code private by moving parts of the logic to backend code and communicate
the frontend with backend asynchronously.
But it will most probably have performance implications.